---
title: "2025 Current Lease"
created: 2026-06-15
updated: 2026-06-15
type: reference
tags: projects, facility, 2026-relocation
isPublished: true
description: "LEASE AGREEMENT"
---

LEASE AGREEMENT  

THIS LEASE AGREEMENT is made on 04/01/2025, between the Landlord and the Tenant  named below and is as follows:  

**Landlord: LaChapelle LLC**  

**address and phone no:** 11880 Hero Way West suite 103    
 Leander, Texas 78641    
(512) 658-4333    
Apexaustin@icloud.com  

**Tenant:** 10BitWorks Hackerspace, LLC  


**tenant's** Representative: Bernard  

Conley  
**address, and phone no.:** 130 West Lachapelle at  

 San Antonio, Tx 78204  

 936-635-7795  

tenant consents to receive all notices via email at :   
 10bitworks@gmail.com    
    
    
    
**Premises;** 130 West LaChapelle st San Antonio, Tx 78204  **(Marked up site plan attached )**  

    
**Lease Term:** 24 Months  

**Commencement Date: 04/01/2025** 

**Rent Commencement Date:** 04/01/2025  

**Base Rent: April 2025 \- March 2027** $5,000.00 Per Month  

    
    
    
**Security Deposit:** $0  


**Exhibits:** Lease Guaranty  

1\. Granting Clause. In consideration of the obligation of Tenant to pay rent as herein  provided and in consideration of the other terms, covenants, and conditions hereof, Landlord leases to  Tenant, and Tenant takes from Landlord, the Premises, to have and to hold for the Lease Term, subject to  the terms, covenants and conditions of the Leas  

1   
2\. Acceptance of Premises. LANDLORD IS LEASING THE PREMISES TO TENANT  “AS IS”, “WHERE IS”, AND WITH ALL FAULTS AND SPECIFICALLY AND EXPRESSLY  WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS OR GUARANTEES, EITHER EXPRESS OR  IMPLIED, OF ANY KIND, NATURE, OR TYPE WHATSOEVER FROM OR ON BEHALF OF THE  LANDLORD.  

Except as provided in Paragraph 13, in no event shall Landlord have any obligation for any defects in the  Premises or any limitation on its use.  

3\. Use. The Premises shall be used only for the purpose of operating an Maker Space.  Tenant will use the Premises in a careful, safe and proper manner and will not commit waste, or subject  the Premises to any use that would damage the Premises. Tenant shall not permit any objectionable or  unpleasant odors, smoke, or noise to emanate from the Premises, or take any other action that would  constitute a nuisance. Tenant, at its sole expense, shall use and occupy the Premises in compliance with  all laws, including, without limitation, the Americans With Disabilities Act, orders, judgments,  ordinances, regulations, codes, directives, permits, licenses, covenants and restrictions now or hereafter  applicable to the Premises (collectively, “Legal Requirements”). Tenant shall, at its expense, make any  alterations or modifications, within or without the Premises that are required by Legal Requirements  related to Tenant's use or occupation of the Premises. Tenant will not use or permit the Premises to be  used for any purpose or in any manner that would void Tenant's or Landlord's insurance, increase the  insurance risk, or cause the disallowance of any sprinkler credits. If any increase in the cost of any  insurance on the Premises is caused by Tenant's use or occupation of the Premises, or because Tenant  vacates the Premises, then Tenant shall pay the amount of such increase to Landlord upon demand. Any  occupation of the Premises by Tenant prior to the Commencement Date shall be subject to all obligations  of Tenant under this Lease.  

4\. Base Rent. Tenant shall pay Base Rent in the amount set forth above. The first month's  Base Rent shall be due and payable on the Rent Commencement Date, and Tenant promises to pay to  Landlord in advance, without demand, abatement, deduction or set-off monthly installments of Base Rent  on or before the first day of each calendar month following the Rent Commencement Date. All payments  required to be made by Tenant to Landlord hereunder shall be payable at such address as Landlord may  specify from time to time by written notice delivered in accordance herewith.  

5\. Adjustments to Base Rent. None.  

6\. Late Charges. If Landlord does not receive total rent payment by the third day of the  month, Tenant shall pay Landlord a late charge equal to ten percent (10%) of the overdue amount. Plus an  additional $25 per day every day until the rent is paid in full including any and all late fees. The parties  agree that such late charge represents a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs Landlord will incur by  reason of such late payment.  

7\. ~~Additional Rent. This Lease is a “Triple Net “ Lease, which means that Tenant shall be obligated to pay for  all real estate taxes and other impositions (as described in Paragraph 9), all insurance premiums (as described in Paragraph 10),  all repairs, maintenance and replacements to the Premises (as described in Paragraph 14), all utilities to the Premises (as  described in Paragraph 8), and all other costs and expenses related to the use or operation of the Premises as otherwise provided  in this Lease.~~  

8\. Utilities. Tenant shall pay for all water, gas, electricity, heat, light, power, telephone,  sprinkler services, refuse and trash collection, and other utilities and services used on the Premises, all  maintenance charges for utilities, and water and storm and/or sanitary sewer charges or other similar  charges for utilities imposed by any governmental entity or utility provider (whether billed directly to  

2  
Tenant or to Landlord), together with any taxes, penalties, charges or the like pertaining to Tenant's use of  the Premises. No interruption or failure of utilities shall constitute an eviction or disturbance of Tenant's  use and possession of the Premises or a breach of any of Landlord's obligations or render Landlord liable  for damages or entitle Tenant to be relieved from any of its obligations (including the obligation to pay  Rent). In the event of any interruption or malfunction, Landlord shall use reasonable diligence during  Landlord's normal business hours to restore service when restoration is within its reasonable control.  

9\. Taxes. Tenant shall pay all Taxes that accrue against the Premises during the Lease Term,  except that Taxes for any partial calendar year during the Lease Term shall be prorated and Tenant shall  be responsible for that pro rata portion covering the portion of the year this Lease is in force. To the extent  that taxes are paid by Landlord in any year, Tenant shall reimburse Landlord within 30 days notice from  Landlord that the monies have been expended by Landlord and are due from Tenant. If any such tax or  excise is levied or assessed directly against Tenant, then Tenant shall be responsible for and shall pay the  same at such times and in such manner, as the taxing authority shall require. Tenant shall be liable for all  taxes levied or assessed against any personal property or fixtures placed in the Premises, whether levied  or assessed against Landlord or Tenant. If any of Tenant's personal property is taxed with the Premises,  Tenant shall pay Landlord the taxes for the personal property within fifteen (15) days after Tenant  receives a written statement from Landlord for such personal property taxes.  

    
“Taxes” as used herein, shall mean all ad valorem taxes, assessments, special assessments,  personal property taxes, transit taxes, excises, levies, license and permit fees but excluding only franchise,  death and income taxes of Landlord (but not excluding such taxes if imposed in the future either wholly  or partially in lieu of present real estate, ad valorem or similar taxes). Taxes shall also include any fees  payable to tax consultants and attorneys for consultation and contesting taxes.  

 Landlord may contest by appropriate legal proceedings the amount, validity, or application of  any Taxes or liens thereof. If Tenant desires to contest any assessment of any Taxes which Tenant is  required to pay hereunder and gives Landlord written notice of this intention, then Tenant may contest the  assessment by appropriate proceedings diligently conducted in good faith without being in default  hereunder; provided, however, if Tenant does not, as a part of such contest, pay such Taxes under protest,  Tenant shall pay the amount of contested Taxes and the penalty and interest expected to accrue thereon  into an interest bearing escrow account under the control of Landlord, which Landlord shall utilize to pay  all Taxes and other sums finally determined to be due. Tenant shall immediately indemnify and hold  Landlord harmless from all expenses and damages (including attorneys' fees and costs and court costs)  resulting from such contest. At no cost to Landlord, Landlord shall cooperate with Tenant in their efforts  to contest any assessment of Tax.  

Whichever party receives any Tax bill attributable to the Premises and/or any notice of increase of  assessment of the Premises shall forward a copy of said Tax bill to the other party within fifteen (15) days  of such party's receipt of same.  

10\. Insurance.  

10.1 Required Policies. Tenant will, at its sole expense, procure insurance coverages  for: (a) Commercial General Liability on an occurrence basis with a minimum single limit of One  Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00) for bodily injury, including death resulting therefrom, personal injury,  property damage and advertising injury; (b) a separate policy or as an endorsement or rider to the  Commercial General Liability policy, liquor liability coverage in amounts acceptable to Landlord, which  upon Lease Commencement shall be at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000) and (c) standard “All 

Risk” or so-called “All-Risk” property insurance with coverage including, but not limited to, the perils  covered by standard Fire and Extended Coverage Insurance, for one hundred percent (100%) of the actual  replacement cost, covering the Premises and all items of personal property of Tenant located on or within  the Premises, exclusive of foundations, footings, conduits, pipes, pilings and other underground items.  Tenant will, at its sole cost and expense, comply with such requirements during the term of the Lease, and  

3  
will promptly furnish to Landlord upon request certificates confirming the amount of coverage. During  the terms of this Lease Landlord may, in its reasonable discretion, require Tenant to procure and maintain  insurance coverage in excess of the minimum limits set forth above, and Tenant, at is sole cost and  expense, shall be obligated to comply with such requirements during the term of this lease.  

10.2 Special Remedy. Tenant’s failure to obtain and maintain the required insurance  will constitute a breach of, and default under, this Lease. If Tenant fails to remedy such breach within  fifteen days (15) days after notice from Landlord, Landlord may, in addition to any other remedy  available to Landlord, at Landlord’s option, purchase such insurance, at Tenant’s expense, and Tenant will  promptly remit to Landlord the cost of such insurance as Additional Rent. Tenant will indemnify the  Landlord Parties (as hereinafter defined) against any claims arising from Tenant’s failure to purchase and/ or maintain the insurance coverages required by this Lease.  

11\. Waiver of Subrogation. Neither Landlord nor Tenant shall be liable (by way of  subrogation or otherwise) to the other party (or to any insurance company insuring the other party) for  any loss or damage to any of the property of Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, to the extent and  only to the extent actually covered by insurance even though such loss or damage might have been caused  by the negligence of the Landlord or Tenant or their respective employees, agents, servants or invitees.  This provision shall be in effect only so long as the applicable insurance policies contain a clause or  endorsement to the effect that the aforementioned waiver shall not affect the right of the insured to  recover under such policies; and each party shall use its best efforts (including payment of an additional  premium) to have its insurance policies contain a waiver of subrogation clause. Landlord and Tenant  covenant and agree to obtain a waiver of subrogation from its respective insurance carriers and have such  waiver contained in all policies of insurance required to be obtained under this Lease. In the event any  insurance carrier of Landlord or Tenant declines to include in such carrier's policy a waiver of subrogation  clause, Landlord or Tenant, as the case may be, shall promptly notify the other party in writing.  

12\. Indemnification.  

12.1 Definitions. The “Tenant Parties” are Tenant and its shareholders, members,  managers, partners, directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, licensees and invitees. The “Landlord  Parties” are Landlord, the Landlord’s property manager, Landlord's mortgagee(s) and any affiliates or  subsidiaries of the foregoing, and all of their respective shareholders, members, managers, partners,  directors, officers, employees, agents, contractors, licensees and invitees. “Claims” means all  foreseeable and unforeseeable damages (including actual, consequential, and punitive), losses, injuries,  penalties, disbursements, costs, charges, assessments, legal costs and expenses (including court costs,  attorneys' fees, experts' fees or other expenses incurred in investigating, preparing, prosecuting or settling any  legal action or proceeding or arbitration, mediation, or other method of alternative dispute resolution),  demands, litigation, settlement payments, causes of action (whether in tort, contract, or under a theory of  strict liability, or whether in law, equity, statutory or otherwise) or judgments. “Injury” means (i) harm to,  impairment or loss of, or impairment or loss of use of, property, including income, (ii) harm to  (including sickness or disease) or death of a person, or (iii) “personal and advertising injury”, as such term is  defined in Insurance Services Office, Inc. (“ISO”) form CG 0001 1001\.  

12.2 Scope of Indemnities and Waivers. All indemnities, waivers and obligations to  defend, wherever contained in this Lease, (i) are independent of, and will not be limited by, each  other or any insurance obligations in this Lease (whether or not complied with) or damages or benefits  payable under workers compensation or other employee benefit acts, and (ii) will survive the expiration of  this Lease until all related Claims against the beneficiaries are fully and finally barred by applicable law.  All applicable law affecting the validity or enforceability of any indemnity, waiver or obligation to defend  contained in this Lease is made a part of such provision and will operate to amend such Indemnity, waiver or  obligation to defend to the minimum extent necessary to bring the provision into conformity with  Applicable Law and cause the provision, as modified, to continue in full force and effect. ALL  

4  
INDEMNITIES, WAIVERS AND OBLIGATIONS TO DEFEND CONTAINED IN PARAGRAPH 12.3  WILL BE ENFORCED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW FOR THE  BENEFIT OF LANDLORD PARTIES, EVEN IF THE APPLICABLE CLAIM IS CAUSED BY THE ACTIVE OR  PASSIVE NEGLIGENCE OR SOLE, JOINT, CONCURRENT OR COMPARATIVE NEGLIGENCE OF ANY OF  THE LANDLORD PARTIES, AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER LIABILITY WITHOUT FAULT OR  STRICT LIABILITY IS IMPOSED UPON OR ALLEGED AGAINST SUCH BENEFICIARY, BUT WILL NOT BE  ENFORCED TO THE EXTENT THAT A COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION HOLDS IN A FINAL  JUDGMENT THAT A CLAIM IS CAUSED BY THE WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR GROSS NEGLIGENCE OF  ANY OF THE LANDLORD PARTIES.  

12.3 TENANT WAIVES AS TO THE LANDLORD PARTIES, AND WILL  INDEMNIFY, HOLD HARMLESS AND DEFEND THE LANDLORD PARTIES AGAINST, ALL  CLAIMS ARISING FROM, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OR ALLEGED  TO ARISE FROM (A) INJURY SUFFERED BY ANY PARTY AND OCCURRING IN OR ON THE  PREMISES; (B) INJURY CAUSED BY A TENANT PARTY AND OCCURRING OUTSIDE THE  PREMISES, AND/OR (C) HARM TO, IMPAIRMENT OR LOSS OF, OR IMPAIRMENT OR LOSS OF  USE OF, PROPERTY, INCLUDING INCOME SUFFERED BY ANY PARTY INSIDE THE PREMISES  OR CAUSED OR SUFFERED BY A TENANT PARTY OUTSIDE THE PREMISES. TENANT  AGREES TO DEFEND THE LANDLORD PARTIES IN LITIGATION, ARBITRATION,  MEDIATION OR OTHER PROCEEDING, WITH COUNSEL REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO  LANDLORD, AND PAY ALL COSTS ASSOCIATION WITH THE PREPARATION OR  PROSECUTION OF SUCH DEFENSE.  

13\. Landlord's Repairs. Roof and Exterior walls. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that  Landlord shall have no obligations under this Lease to repair or maintain any portion of the Premises or  the systems located in the Premises other than the Roof and Exterior Walls  

14\. Tenant's Repairs. Subject to the provisions of Paragraphs 17 and 18, Tenant, at its  expense, shall repair, replace and maintain in good condition all portions of the Premises and all areas,  improvements and systems exclusively serving the Premises, including electric, plumbing, water and  wastewater lines and related systems, fire sprinklers and fire protection systems, entries, interior and  exterior doors, ceilings, windows, interior and exterior walls, and heating, ventilation and air conditioning  systems. Such repairs and replacements include capital expenditures and repairs whose benefit may  extend beyond the Lease Term. 

15\. Tenant-Made Alterations and Trade Fixtures. Any alterations, additions, or improvements  made by or on behalf of Tenant to the Premises (“Tenant-Made Alterations”) shall be subject to  Landlord's prior written consent which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Tenant shall cause, at its  expense, all Tenant-Made Alterations to comply with insurance requirements and with Legal  Requirements and shall construct at its expense any alteration or modification required by Legal  Requirements as a result of any Tenant-Made Alterations. All Tenant-Made Alterations shall be  constructed in a good and workmanlike manner by contractors reasonably acceptable to Landlord and  only good grades of materials shall be used. All plans and specifications for any Tenant-Made Alterations  shall be submitted to Landlord for its written approval. Landlord may monitor construction of the Tenant Made Alterations. Landlord's right to review plans and specifications and to monitor construction shall be  solely for its own benefit and Landlord shall have no duty to see that such plans and specifications or  construction comply with Legal Requirements. Tenant shall provide Landlord with the identities and  mailing addresses of all contractors and subcontractors performing work or supplying materials, prior to  beginning such construction, and Landlord may post on and about the Premises notices of non 

responsibility pursuant to applicable law. Tenant shall furnish security or make other arrangements  satisfactory to Landlord to assure payment for the completion of all work free and clear of liens and shall  provide certificates of insurance for worker's compensation and other coverage in amounts and from an  insurance company satisfactory to Landlord protecting Landlord against liability for personal injury or  property damage during construction. Upon surrender of the Premises, all Tenant-Made Alterations and  

5  
any leasehold improvements constructed by Landlord or Tenant shall remain on the Premises as  Landlord's property, except to the extent Landlord requires removal at Tenant's expense of any such items  or Landlord and Tenant have otherwise agreed in writing in connection with Landlord's consent to any  Tenant-Made Alterations. Tenant shall repair any damage caused by such removal.  

Tenant, at its own cost and expense and without Landlord's prior approval, may erect such  shelves, bins, equipment and trade fixtures (collectively “Trade Fixtures”) in the ordinary course of its  business provided that such items do not alter the basic character of the Premises, do not overload or  damage the Premises, and may be removed without injury to the Premises, and the construction, erection,  and installation thereof complies with all Legal Requirements and with Landlord's requirements set forth  above. Tenant may remove its Trade Fixtures, supplies, movable furniture and equipment not attached to  the Premises provided: (a) removal is made prior to the expiration or termination of this Lease; (b) Tenant  is not in default of any obligation or covenant under this Lease at the time of removal; and (c) Tenant  promptly repairs all damage caused by removal. All other property at the Premises and any alteration or  addition to the Premises and any other article attached or affixed to the floor, wall or ceiling of the  Premises shall remain upon and be surrendered with the Premises at the expiration or termination of this  Lease, Tenant hereby waiving all rights to any payment or compensation. If however, Landlord so  requests in writing, Tenant will, prior to expiration or termination of this Lease, remove any and all Trade  Fixtures, alterations, additions, equipment and property placed or installed by it in the Premises and will  repair any damage caused by such removal. If any property not belonging to Landlord remains at the  Leased Premises after the expiration or termination of the term of this Lease, Tenant hereby authorizes  Landlord to dispose of the property as Landlord may desire without liability to Tenant if the property  belongs to Tenant. If the property does not belong to Tenant, Tenant agrees to indemnity, defend and hold  Landlord harmless from all suits, actions, liability, loss, damages and expenses in connection with any  removal, exercise of dominion over and/or disposition of such property by Landlord.  

16\. Signs. Tenant shall not make any changes to the exterior of the Premises, install any  exterior lights, or painting, or erect or install any exterior signs, without Landlord's prior written consent  which shall not be unreasonably withheld. Upon surrender or vacating of the Premises, Tenant shall have  removed all signs and repair, paint, and/or replace the building facial surface to which its signs are  attached. Tenant shall obtain all applicable governmental permits and approvals for sign and exterior  treatments.  

17\. Condemnation. If any part of the building located on the Premises, or a material portion  of the parking for the Premises, should be taken for any public or quasi-public use under governmental  law, ordinance, or regulation, or by right of eminent domain, or by private purchase in lieu thereof (a  “Taking” or “Taken”), and the Taking would prevent or materially interfere with Tenant's use of the  Premises, then Tenant shall have the right terminate this Lease by giving written notice of such election to  Landlord; provided, however, such termination shall not be effective until such time as the Taking has  been finalized. Base Rent and Additional Rent shall be apportioned as of date of the final Taking. If part  of the Premises shall be Taken, and this Lease is not terminated as provided above, the Base Rent payable  hereunder during the unexpired Lease Term shall be reduced to such extent as may be fair and reasonable  under the circumstances. In the event of any such Taking, Landlord shall be entitled to receive the entire  price or award from any such Taking without any payment to Tenant, and Tenant hereby assigns to  Landlord Tenant's interest, if any, in such award. Tenant shall have the right, to the extent that same shall  not diminish Landlord's award, to make a separate claim against the condemning authority (but not  Landlord) for such compensation as may be separately awarded or recoverable by Tenant for moving  expenses and damage to Tenant's Trade Fixtures, if a separate award for such items is made to Tenant.  

18\. Restoration. If at any time during the Lease Term the Premises are damaged by a fire or  other casualty, Landlord shall notify Tenant within sixty (60) days after such damage as to the amount of  time Landlord reasonably estimates it will take to restore the Premises. If the restoration time is estimated  to exceed nine (9) months, either Landlord or Tenant may elect to terminate this Lease upon notice to the  other party given no later than thirty (30) days after Landlord's notice. If neither party elects to terminate  

6  
this Lease or if Landlord estimates that restoration will take nine (9) months or less, then, subject to  receipt of sufficient insurance proceeds, Landlord shall promptly restore the Premises, excluding the  improvements installed by Tenant, subject to delays arising from the collection of insurance proceeds or  from Force Majeure events. Tenant, at Tenant's expense, shall promptly perform, subject to delays arising  from the collection of insurance proceeds, or from Force Majeure events, all repairs or restoration not  required to be done by Landlord and shall promptly re-enter the Premises and commence doing business  in accordance with this Lease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, either party may terminate this Lease if the  Premises are damaged during the last year of the Lease Term and Landlord reasonably estimates that it  will take more than one month to repair such damage. Tenant shall pay to Landlord with respect to any  damage to the Premises caused by Tenant the amount of the commercially reasonable deductible under  Landlord's insurance policy within ten (10) days after presentment of Landlord's invoice. Base Rent and  Additional Rent shall be abated for the period of repair and restoration in the proportion which the area of  the Premises, if any, which is not usable by Tenant bears to the total area of the Premises. Such abatement  shall be the sole remedy of Tenant, and except as provided herein, Tenant waives any right to terminate  the Lease by reason of damage or casualty loss.  

19\. Assignment and Subletting. Without Landlord's prior written consent, which consent  shall consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, Tenant shall not assign this Lease or sublease the  Premises or any part thereof or mortgage, pledge, or hypothecate its leasehold interest or grant any  concession or license within the Premises and any attempt to do any of the foregoing shall be void and of  no effect. Notwithstanding the above, Tenant may assign or sublet the Premises, or any part thereof, to  any entity controlling Tenant, controlled by Tenant or under common control with Tenant (a “Tenant  Affiliate”), without the prior written consent of Landlord.  

20\. Inspection and Access. Landlord and its agents, representatives, and contractors may  enter the Premises at any reasonable time to inspect the Premises and to make such repairs as may be  required or permitted pursuant to this Lease and for any other business purpose. Landlord may grant  easements, make public dedications, designate common areas and create restrictions on or about the  Premises, provided that no such easement, dedication, designation or restriction materially interferes with  Tenant's use or occupancy of the Premises.  

21\. Quiet Enjoyment. If Tenant shall perform all of the covenants and agreements herein  required to be performed by Tenant, Tenant shall, subject to the terms of this Lease, at all times during the  Lease Term, have peaceful and quiet enjoyment of the Premises against any person claiming by, through  or under Landlord.  

22\. Surrender. Upon termination of the Lease Term or earlier termination of Tenant's right of  possession, Tenant shall surrender the Premises to Landlord in the same condition as received, broom  clean, ordinary wear and tear and casualty loss and condemnation covered by Paragraphs 16 and 17  excepted. All obligations of Tenant hereunder not fully performed as of the termination of the Lease Term  shall survive the termination of the Lease Term, including, without limitation, indemnity obligations,  payment obligations with respect to Additional Rent and obligations concerning the condition and repair  of the Premises.  

23\. Holding Over. If Tenant retains possession of the Premises after the termination of the  Lease Term, then unless otherwise agreed in writing by Landlord, such possession shall be subject to  immediate termination by Landlord at any time, and all of the other terms and provisions of this Lease  (excluding any expansion or renewal option or other similar right or option) shall be applicable during  such holdover period, except that Tenant shall pay Landlord from time to time, upon demand, as Base  Rent for the holdover period, an amount equal to one hundred fifty percent (150%) of the Base Rent in  effect on the termination date, computed on a monthly basis for each month or part thereof during such  holding over. All other payments shall continue under the terms of this Lease. No holding over by Tenant,  whether with or without consent of Landlord, shall operate to extend this Lease, except as otherwise  

7  
expressly provided in writing, and this Paragraph 23 shall not be construed as consent for Tenant to retain  possession of the Premises.  

24\. Events of Default. Each of the following events shall be an event of default (“Event of  Default”) by Tenant under this Lease:  

(a) Tenant shall fail to pay any installment of Base Rent, Additional Rent or any  other payment required herein when due, and such failure shall continue for a period of ten (10) days  from the date such payment was due.  

(b) Tenant or any guarantor or surety of Tenant's obligations hereunder shall (A)  make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; (B) commence any case, proceeding or other  action seeking to have an order for relief entered on its behalf as a debtor or to adjudicate it as bankrupt or  insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution or composition of  its or its debts or seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar officials for it or  for all of any substantial part of its property (collectively a “proceeding for relief”); (C) become the  subject of any proceeding for relief which is not dismissed within 60 days of its filing or entry; or (D) be  dissolved or otherwise fail to maintain its legal existence (if Tenant, guarantor or surety is a corporation,  partnership or other entity).  

(c) Tenant shall abandon or vacate the Premises whether or not Tenant is in monetary  or other default under this Lease.  

(d) Any insurance required to be maintained by Tenant pursuant to this Lease shall  be cancelled or terminated or shall expire or shall be reduced or materially changed, except, in each case,  as permitted in this Lease.  

(e) Tenant shall attempt or there shall occur any assignment, subleasing or other  transfer of Tenant's interest in or with respect to this Lease, except as otherwise permitted in this Lease.  

(f) Tenant shall fail to discharge any lien placed upon the Premises in violation of  this Lease within thirty (30) days after any such lien or encumbrance is filed against the Premises.  

(g) Tenant shall fail to comply with any provision of this Lease other than those  specifically referred to in this Paragraph 24, and, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, such  default shall continue for more than thirty (30) days after Landlord shall have given Tenant written notice  of such default.  

25\. Landlord's Remedies. Upon each occurrence of an Event of Default and for so long as  such Event of Default shall be continuing, Landlord may, at its election, terminate this Lease or terminate  Tenant's right of possession, without terminating this Lease (but Tenant shall remain liable as hereinafter  provided) and/or pursue any other remedies at law or in equity. Upon the termination of this Lease or  termination of Tenant's right of possession, it shall be lawful for Landlord, without formal demand or  notice of any kind, to re-enter the Premises by summary dispossession proceedings or any other action or  proceeding authorized by law and to remove Tenant and all persons and property therefrom. If Landlord  re-enters the Premises, Landlord shall have the right to alter or modify locks or fences and other security  devices at the Leased Premises and remove Tenant's property and the property of others located within the  Leased Premises. The provisions of this Paragraph 25 shall override and control any conflicting  provisions of Section 93.002 of the Texas Property Code, as well as any successor statute governing the  right of a landlord to change the door locks of a tenant under a commercial lease.  

If Landlord terminates this Lease, Landlord may recover from Tenant the sum of: (i) all Base  Rent and all other amounts accrued hereunder to the date of such termination; the cost of reletting the  whole or any part of the Premises, including without limitation brokerage fees and/or leasing  

8  
commissions incurred by Landlord, and costs of removing and storing Tenant's or any other occupant's  property, repairing, altering, remodeling, or otherwise altering the Premises into a condition acceptable to  a new tenant or tenants, and all other reasonable expenses incurred by Landlord in pursuing its remedies,  including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs; and (ii) the excess of the then present value of the  Base Rent and other amounts payable by Tenant under this Lease as would otherwise have been required  to be paid by Tenant to Landlord during the period following the termination of this Lease measured from  the date of such termination to the expiration date stated in this Lease, over the present value of any net  amounts which Tenant establishes Landlord can reasonably expect to recover by reletting the Premises for  such period, taking into consideration the availability of acceptable tenants and other market conditions  affecting leasing. Such present values shall be calculated at a discount rate equal to the ninety-(90) day  U.S. Treasury bill rate at the date of such termination.  

If Landlord terminates Tenant's right of possession (but not this Lease), Landlord may, but shall  be under no obligation to, relet the Premises for the account of Tenant for such rent and upon such terms  as shall be satisfactory to Landlord without thereby releasing Tenant from any liability hereunder and  without demand or notice of any kind to Tenant. For the purpose of such reletting, Landlord is authorized  to make any repairs, changes, alterations, or additions in or to the Premises as Landlord deems reasonably  necessary or desirable. If the Premises are not relet, then Tenant shall pay to Landlord as damages a sum  equal to the amount of the rental reserved in this Lease for such period or periods, plus the cost of  recovering possession of the Premises (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of suit) the unpaid  Base Rent and other amounts accrued hereunder at the time of repossession, and the costs incurred in any  attempt by Landlord to relet the Premises. If the Premises are relet and a sufficient sum shall not be  realized from such reletting t after first deducting therefrom, for retention by Landlord, the unpaid Base  Rent and other amounts accrued hereunder at the time of reletting, the cost of recovering possession  including attorneys' fees and costs of suit), all of the costs and expense of repairs, changes, alterations,  and additions, the expense of such reletting (including, without limitation, brokerage fees and leasing  commissions) and the cost of collection of the rent accruing therefrom to satisfy the Rent provided for in  this Lease to be paid, then Tenant shall immediately satisfy and pay any such deficiency. Any such  payments due Landlord shall be made upon demand from time to time and Tenant agrees that Landlord  may file suit to recover any sums falling due from time to time. Notwithstanding any such reletting  without termination, Landlord may at any time thereafter elect in writing to terminate this Lease for such  previous breach.  

Exercise by Landlord of any one or more remedies hereunder granted or otherwise available shall  not be deemed to be an acceptance of surrender of the Premises and/or a termination of this Lease by  Landlord, whether by agreement or by operation of law, it being understood that such surrender and/or  termination can be effected only by the written agreement of Landlord and Tenant. Any law, usage, or  custom to the contrary notwithstanding, Landlord shall have the right at all times to enforce the provisions  of this Lease in strict accordance with the terms hereof; and the failure of Landlord at any time to enforce  its rights under this Lease strictly in accordance with same shall not be construed as having created a  custom in any way or manner contrary to the specific terms, provisions, and covenants of this Lease or as  having modified the same. Tenant and Landlord further agree that forbearance or waiver by Landlord to  enforce one or more of its rights pursuant to this Lease or at law or in equity, shall not be a waiver of  Landlord's right to enforce one or more of its rights in connection with any subsequent default. A receipt  by Landlord of Rent or other payment with knowledge of the breach of any covenant hereof shall not be  deemed a waiver of such breach, and no waiver by Landlord of any provision of this Lease shall be  deemed to have been made unless expressed in writing and signed by Landlord. To the greatest extent  permitted by law, Tenant waives the service of notice of Landlord's intention to re-enter as provided for in  any statute, or to institute legal proceedings to that end, and also waives all right of redemption in case  Tenant shall be dispossessed by a judgment or by warrant of any court or judge. The terms “enter,” “re enter,” “entry,” or “re-entry,” as used in this Lease, are not restricted to their technical legal meanings.  Any reletting of the Premises shall be on such terms and conditions as Landlord in its sole discretion may  determine (including, without limitation, a term different than the remaining Lease Term, rental  concessions, alterations and repair of the Premises, rental of less than the entire Premises to any tenant).  

9  
Landlord shall not be liable, nor shall Tenant ' s obligations hereunder be diminished because of  Landlord's failure to relet the Premises or collect rent due in respect of such reletting.  

If Tenant fails to make any payment, perform any obligation or cure any default hereunder within  the time permitted, Landlord, without being under any obligation to do so and without thereby waiving  such failure or default, may make the payment, perform such obligation and/or remedy such default for  the account of Tenant (and enter the Premises for such purpose). Tenant agrees to pay Landlord, upon  demand, all costs, expenses and disbursements (including reasonable attorney's fees) incurred by  Landlord in taking such remedial action.  

26\. Tenant's Remedies/Limitation of Liability. Landlord shall not be in default hereunder  unless Landlord fails to perform any of its obligations hereunder within thirty (30) days after written  notice from Tenant specifying such failure (unless such performance will, due to the nature of the  obligation, require a period of time in excess of thirty (30) days, and, then only after such period of time  as is reasonably necessary to cure the default as long as Landlord is diligently attempting to cure such  default). Under no circumstances whatsoever shall Landlord ever be liable to Tenant for consequential  damages or special damages. Any liability of Landlord under this Lease shall be limited solely to its  interest in the Premises, and in no event shall any personal liability be asserted against Landlord in  connection with this Lease nor shall any recourse be had to any other property or assets of Landlord.  

In the event of any act or omission by Landlord which would give Tenant the right to exercise any  remedy or take any other action against Landlord, Tenant shall not exercise any such right until (i) it shall  have given notice, by registered or certified mail, of such act or omission to the Landlord's lender  (“Landlord's Mortgagee”) whose name and address shall have been furnished to Tenant in writing, at the  last address so furnished, and (ii) the period of time allowed Landlord for remedying such act or omission  plus an additional reasonable period but, in any event, not less than thirty (30) days, shall have elapsed  following the giving of such notice, provided that following the giving of such notice, Landlord or  Landlord's Mortgagee shall, with reasonable diligence, have commenced and continued to remedy such  act or omission or to cause the same to be remedied. All of the rights and remedies provided in this Lease  for the benefit of Landlord's Mortgagee shall likewise be understood to inure to the benefit of the  successors and assigns of Landlord's Mortgagee.  

27\. Subordination. This Lease and Tenant's interest and rights hereunder are and shall be  subject and subordinate at all times to the lien of any mortgage, now existing or hereafter created on or  against the Premises, and all amendments, restatements, renewals, modifications, consolidations,  refinancing, assignments and extensions thereof, without the necessity of any further instrument or act on  the part of Tenant. Tenant agrees, at the election of the Landlord's Mortgagee, to attorn to any such holder.  Tenant agrees upon demand to execute, acknowledge and deliver such instruments, confirming such  subordination and attornment as shall be requested by any Landlord's Mortgagee. Tenant hereby appoints  Landlord as attorney-in-fact for Tenant irrevocably (such power of attorney being coupled with an  interest) to execute, acknowledge and deliver any such instrument(s) for and in the name of the Tenant  and to cause any such instrument(s) to be recorded. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any Landlord's  Mortgagee may at any time subordinate its mortgage to this Lease, without Tenant's consent, by notice in  writing to Tenant, and thereupon this Lease shall be deemed prior to such mortgage without regard to  their respective dates of execution, delivery or recording and in that event such Landlord's Mortgagee  shall have the same rights with respect to this Lease as though this Lease had been executed prior to the  execution, delivery and recording of such mortgage and had been assigned to such Landlord's Mortgagee.  The term “mortgage”, whenever used in this Lease, shall be deemed to include deeds of trust, security  assignments and any other encumbrances, and any reference to the Landlord's Mortgagee shall be deemed  to include the beneficiary under a deed of trust.  

28\. Mechanic's Liens. Tenant has no express or implied authority to create or place any lien  or encumbrance of any kind upon, or in any manner to bind the interest of Landlord or Tenant in, the  Premises or to charge the rentals payable hereunder for any claim in favor of any person dealing with  

10  
Tenant, including those who may furnish materials or perform labor for any construction or repairs.  Tenant covenants and agrees that it will pay or cause to be paid all sums legally due and payable by it on  account of any labor performed or materials furnished in connection with any work performed on the  Premises and that Tenant will indemnify, defend and hold Landlord harmless from all loss, cost or  expense based on or arising out of asserted claims or liens against the leasehold estate or against the  interest of Landlord in the Premises or under this Lease. Tenant shall give Landlord immediate written  notice of the placing of any lien or encumbrance against the Premises and cause such lien or encumbrance  to be discharged within thirty (30) days of the filing or recording thereof; provided, however, Tenant may  contest such liens or encumbrances as long as such contest prevents foreclosure of the lien or  encumbrance and Tenant causes such lien or encumbrance to be bonded or insured in a manner  satisfactory to Landlord within such thirty (30) day period.  

29\. Estoppel Certificates. Tenant agrees, from time to time, within ten (10) days after request  of Landlord, to execute and deliver to Landlord or Landlord's designees any estoppel certificate requested  by Landlord stating that this Lease is in full force and effect, the date to which Rent has been paid, that  Landlord is not in default hereunder (or specifying in detail the nature of Landlord's default), the  termination date of this Lease and such other matters pertaining to this Lease as may be requested by  Landlord. Tenant's obligation to furnish each estoppel certificate in a timely fashion is a material  inducement for Landlord's execution of this Lease.  

30\. Environmental Requirements. Except for “Hazardous Materials” (hereafter defined)  contained in products used by Tenant in de minimis quantities for ordinary cleaning and office purposes  and as permitted by “Environmental Requirements” (hereafter defined), Tenant shall not permit or cause  any party to bring any Hazardous Materials upon the Premises or transport, store, use, generate,  manufacture or release any Hazardous Materials in or about the Premises without Landlord's prior written  consent. Tenant, at its sole cost and expense, shall operate its business in the Premises in strict compliance  with all Environmental Requirements and shall remediate in a manner satisfactory to Landlord any  Hazardous Materials released on or from the Premises by Tenant, its agents, employees, contractors,  subtenants or invitees. Tenant shall complete and certify to disclosure statements as requested by  Landlord from time to time relating to Tenant's transportation, storage, use, generation, manufacture or  release of Hazardous Materials on the Premises. The term “Environmental Requirements” means all  applicable present and future statutes, regulations, ordinances, rules, codes, judgments, orders or other  similar enactments of any governmental authority or agency regulating or relating to health, safety, or  environmental conditions on, under, or about the Premises or the environment, including without  limitation, the following: the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act;  the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; and all state and local counterparts thereto, and any  regulations or policies promulgated or issued thereunder. The term “Hazardous Materials” means and  includes any substance, material, waste, pollutant, or containment listed or defined as hazardous or toxic,  under any Environmental Requirements, asbestos and petroleum, including crude oil or any fraction  thereof, natural gas liquids, liquefied natural gas, or synthetic gas usable for fuel (or mixtures of natural  gas and such synthetic gas). As defined in Environmental Requirements, Tenant is and shall be deemed to  be the “operator of Tenant's facility and the owner” of all Hazardous Materials brought on the Premises  by Tenant, its agents, employees, contractors or invitees, and the wastes, by-products, or residues  generated, resulting, or produced therefrom.  

Tenant shall indemnify, defend, and hold Landlord harmless from and against any and all losses  (including, without limitation, diminution in value of the Premises and loss of rental income from the  Premises), claims, demands, actions, suits, damages (including, without limitation, punitive damages),  expenses (including, without limitation, remediation, removal, repair, corrective action, or cleanup  expenses), and costs (including, without limitation, actual attorneys' fees, consultant fees or expert fees  and including, without limitation, removal or management of any asbestos brought into the property or  disturbed in breach of the requirements of this Paragraph 30, regardless of whether such removal or  management is required by law) which are brought or recoverable against, or suffered or incurred by  Landlord as a result of any release of Hazardous Materials for which Tenant is obligated to remediate as  

11  
provided above or any other breach of the requirements under this Paragraph 30 by Tenant, its agents,  employees, contractors, subtenants, assignees or invitees, regardless of whether Tenant had knowledge of  such noncompliance. The obligations of Tenant under this Paragraph 30 shall survive any termination of  this Lease.  

Landlord shall have access to, and a right to perform inspections and tests of, the Premises to  determine Tenant's compliance with Environmental Requirements, its obligations under this Paragraph  30, or the environmental condition of the Premises. Access shall be granted to Landlord upon Landlord's  prior notice to Tenant and at such times so as to minimize, so far as may be reasonable under the  circumstances, any disturbance to Tenant's operations. Such inspections and tests shall be conducted at  Landlord's expense, unless such inspections or tests reveal that Tenant has not complied with any  Environmental Requirement, in which case Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for the reasonable cost of  such inspection and tests. Landlord's receipt of or satisfaction with any environmental assessment in no  way waives any rights that Landlord holds against Tenant. Landlord affirms that subject land site is  environmentally sound at time of dirt excavation.  

31\. Independent Covenants. The obligation of Tenant to pay all Rent and other sums provided  under this Lease to be paid by Tenant and the obligation of Tenant to perform Tenant's other covenants  and duties under this Lease constitute independent, unconditional obligations to be performed at all times  provided for under this Lease. Tenant waives any right to assert, as either a claim or defense, that  Landlord is obligated to perform or is liable for the nonperformance of any implied covenant or implied  duty of Landlord not expressly set forth in this Lease. Tenant agrees to perform all of its obligations  hereunder (including, without limitation, the obligation to pay rent), irrespective of any breach or alleged  breach by Landlord of any such implied warranty. Tenant agrees that Landlord shall incur no liability to  Tenant by reason of any defect in the Leased Premises, whether apparent or latent. Tenant waives and  relinquishes all rights which Tenant might have to claim any nature of lien (prejudgment or otherwise)  against any rent or other sums payable by Tenant under this Lease.  

32\. No Security Service. Tenant acknowledges and agrees that Landlord is not providing any  security services with respect to the Premises and that Landlord shall not be liable to Tenant for, and  Tenant waives any claim against Landlord with respect to, any loss by theft or any other damage suffered  or incurred by Tenant in connection with any unauthorized entry into the Premises or any other breach of  security with respect to the Premises.  

33\. Force Majeure. Neither Landlord nor Tenant shall be held responsible for delays in the  performance of their respective obligations hereunder (other than the payment of Rent) when caused by  strikes, lockouts, labor disputes, acts of God, inability to obtain labor or materials or reasonable  substitutes, governmental restrictions, governmental regulations, governmental controls, delay in issuance  of permits, enemy or hostile governmental action, civil commotion, fire or other casualty, and other  causes beyond the reasonable control of Landlord (“Force Majeure”).  

34\. Brokers. Tenant represents and warrants that it has dealt with no broker, agent or other  person in connection with this transaction and that no broker, agent or other person brought about this  transaction, if any, and Tenant agrees to indemnify, defend and hold Landlord harmless from and against  any claims by any broker, agent or other person claiming commission of other form of compensation by  virtue of having dealt with regard to this leasing transaction.  

35\. Landlord's Lien/Security Interest. Tenant hereby grants Landlord a security interest, and  this Lease constitutes a security agreement, within the meaning of and pursuant to the Texas Business and  Commerce Code as to all of Tenant's property situated in, or upon, or used in connection with the  Premises (except merchandise sold in the ordinary course of business) as security for all of Tenant's  obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the obligation to pay rent. Such personally thus  encumbered includes specifically all trade and other fixtures for the purpose of this Paragraph 39 and  inventory, equipment, contract rights, accounts receivable and the proceeds thereof. In order to perfect  

12  
such security interest, Tenant shall execute such financing statements and file the same at Tenant's  expense at the state and county Uniform Commercial Code filing offices as often as Landlord in its  discretion shall require; and Tenant hereby irrevocably appoints Landlord its agent for the purpose of  executing and filing such financing statements on Tenant's behalf as Landlord shall deem necessary.  

36\. ~~Option To Extend Lease Term. Provided that Tenant has not materially defaulted under  the Lease, Landlord hereby grants Tenant Two(2) options to renew and extend this lease for Five  (5) years each time , and one(1) Three(3) Year renewal option after the First and Second renewals  under the following terms and conditions:~~  

~~(a) Tenant must provide to Landlord written notice of Tenant’s intent to exercise this  option to extend, which written notice shall be sent to Landlord at least 90 days before the expiration of  the then current term of the Lease, but not more than 180 days before the expiration of the then current  term of the Lease; and~~  

~~(b) Tenant must not have been late in paying rent to Landlord more than twice during  any 12 month period during the Term of the Lease, and Tenant shall not be in default of any material term  of this Lease at the time of its exercise of this option to extend; and~~  

~~(c) The rental rate for the First and Second Five (5) year extensions Shall have a 3%  increase annually.~~  

~~(d) The rental rate for the last three(3) year extension, if exercised, shall be at the  fair market rental value of the premises with a minimum of 3% increase annually.~~  

37\. Miscellaneous.    
    
(a) Any notice, demand, or other communication required to be given or to be served  upon any party hereunder shall be in writing and delivered to the person to whom the notice is directed,  either: (i) in person; (ii) by United States Mail, as a certified item with return receipt requested; (iii)  delivered by a nationally recognized delivery service (including express mail or overnight delivery  services), or (iv) sent by telex, telecopy or e-mail. Notices, demands or other communications delivered  by fax or e-mail shall be deemed given on the date sent as long as sent prior to 5:00 p.m. Austin, Texas  time and the sender has a fax or e-mail confirmation of receipt by the recipient at the fax number or e 

mail address set forth herein. Any notice, demand or other communication sent by overnight delivery  shall be deemed to have been given and received on the next business day. Any notice, demand, or other  communication given other than by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, shall be deemed  to have been given and received when actually delivered during normal business hours to the address of  the party to whom it is addressed as set forth at the beginning of this Lease. Either party hereto may  change its address for notice by giving the other party ten days’ advance written notice of such change of  address.  

(b) Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Lease or as otherwise required by  law, Landlord retains the absolute right to withhold any consent or approval.  

(c) Neither this Lease nor a memorandum of lease shall be filed by or on behalf of  Tenant in any public record. Landlord may prepare and file, and, upon request by Landlord, Tenant will  execute, a memorandum of lease.  

(d) The normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be  resolved against the party drafting this instrument shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Lease  or any exhibits or amendments hereto.  

13  
(e) The submission by Landlord to Tenant of this Lease shall have no binding force  or effect, shall not constitute an option for the leasing of the Premises, nor confer any right or impose any  obligations upon either party until execution of this Lease by both parties.  

(f) This Lease constitutes the complete agreement of Landlord and Tenant with  respect to the subject matter hereof. No representations, inducements, promises or agreements, oral or  written, have been made by Landlord or Tenant, or anyone acting on behalf of Landlord or Tenant, which  are not contained herein, and any prior agreements, promises, negotiations, or representations are  superseded by this Lease. This Lease may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed by  both parties hereto.  

(g) If any clause or provision of this Lease is illegal, invalid or unenforceable under  present or future laws, then and in that event, it is the intention of the parties hereto that the remainder of  this Lease shall not be affected thereby. It is also the intention of the parties to this Lease that in lieu of  each clause or provision of this Lease that is illegal, invalid or unenforceable, there be added, as a part of  this Lease, a clause or provision as similar in terms to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable clause or  provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable.  

(h) This Lease shall be construed under and enforced in accordance with the laws of  the State of Texas, and all obligations of the parties hereto created by this Lease are performable in Bexar  County, Texas.  

(i) Time is of the essence as to the performance of Tenant's obligations under this  Lease.  

(j) All exhibits and addenda attached hereto are hereby incorporated into this Lease  and made a part hereof. In the event of any conflict between such exhibits or addenda and the terms of  this Lease, such exhibits or addenda shall control.  

 **(k) Dumpster use **   
**Tenant agrees not to place equipment, furniture, cabinetry, or other large items in, near, at, or  about any dumpster serving the Project or the Premises. Please remember, Dumpsters are private  and not for public use. Under no circumstance shall any trash of any kind be placed outside the  dumpster units. Tenant shall not transport and dump Tenant’s offsite project trash into Project  Common Area dumpsters. ** 

**The Landlord, at its sole discretion, may assess a charge up to $1000.00 against Tenant for each  violation of this paragraph, Tenant acknowledges this charge is imposed in order to reimburse  Landlord for time and expenses incurred by Landlord in enforcing this provision of the Lease, and  not as a penalty. ** 

    
 **Tenant Initial \_\_\_\_\_**  

14  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Landlord and Tenant have executed this lease as of the day and year first  above written.  

**LANDLORD:**  

By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_  

Alex Bahrami 

 **TENANT: 10Bitworks Hackerspace, LLC**    

    
 **By: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_**   


  


  


  


  


  


15


16